---
title: Voids
---

Voids deal with the payment on the order invoice. To void the authorization, so that funds are not captured, payments have to be refunded after capture and cannot be voided.

If the online payment method is ued in the order, then you can void the current transaction and will not be able to further process the online transaction for the order. For example, if an order amount is authorized by the third party payment gateway, and if the Admin applies the void process you cannot capture further payments. When voiding an order, the order will continue processing as offline only (offline invoice, offline credit memo).

When a customer makes a payment with a credit or debt card, payment is processed and the third-party payment gateway processor verifies that the customer's account is valid and that funds are available. The gateway then sends a success message to the customer verifying that the payment method is valid. The funds are held and deducted from the customer's credit/debit account, but are not yet transferred to the end merchant accounts (which means the transaction is not yet settled). You can only void an unsettled transaction, but once a transaction is settled it can only be refunded.

When payments are created (or authorised in the case of Credit Cards) a number of things happen. The amount being authorised is checked against the available credit of the payment instrument. If it is large enough, a reservation is created which reduces the available credit by the amount being authorised. This reservation has a natural (but varying) time after which is naturally expires. This is typically anywhere from 3 to 30 days. If shoppers are active and create multiple authorisations across various sellers, they are potentially blocking up their available credit limits and are therefore not able to use their card. Even though they will expire naturally within 3 to 30 days, in the event of order cancellation it is a good practice for sellers to proactively cancel this reservation, thereby liberating the reservation and increasing their available credit.