
"Fulfilled by" settings define who fulfills (or ships) orders. If all of your orders are fulfilled using one method, select between merchant (you) or Amazon. If you plan on fulfilling orders from your locations and using Amazon, we recommend using the third option and configuring a Magento product attribute.

- **Fulfilled by Merchant**: Choose when you, the merchant, will fulfill all orders. When an order is placed, inventory will be deducted from your Magento catalog.

- **Fulfilled by Amazon**: Choose when Amazon will fulfill all orders. When selected, product inventory is not deducted from your Magento catalog when an order is placed. Inventory stock for Amazon fulfilled orders is stored and deducted from their warehouses. Before assigning this option, you must verify in your Amazon Seller Central account that your products are eligible for FBA fulfillment. FBA inventory is directly managed through your Amazon Seller Central Account. With this fulfillment method, Amazon Sales Channel does not share quantity updates between Magento and Amazon. Therefore, not all of the marketing tools described in the Quantity Settings will be available to you in Amazon Sales Channel.

- **Assign Fulfilled By Using Magento Product Attribute**: If your products may be fulfilled by you and Amazon, you may want to create a Magento product attribute with values for Fulfilled By Merchant and Fulfilled by Amazon. Setting this value per product indicates who fulfills the orders.

The fulfillment method is a regional attribute, and based on the Amazon Marketplace option selected during [store integration]({% link sales-channels/asc/store-integration.md %}). When a change is made, the change will affect all Amazon listings that share that Amazon Seller SKU in your Amazon stores that sell in the same region (as defined during the store's integration). This means that a change to a shared Amazon Seller SKU in the North America region will not affect your Amazon stores with a region set for a different region (as defined during the store's integration).
